1. Hours to complete the project: 35 hours

2. Provide a short description of how you approached each problem, issues you 
   encountered, and how you resolved those issues.

   Problem 1 (Particle Identification): This was the most challenging part of the project and that was because I had issue with the add function in blob.py when being called by blob_finder.py and especially with the recursion steps. I realized that I was having issues with it because of how I was initializing the different objects with the parameters (i, j) in the order (j, i) so the results from my calculations were off. Once I got that corrected everything was smooth adterwards.

   Problem 2 (Particle Tracking): At first I had issues creating during the recursion process when I was trying to create the objet for frame00001.jpg which  was frustrating because it was being created for other frames successfully. I was completely lost and then after posting this problem on Piazza that was how I learned that I had my parameters in the wrong order which I had to get corrected to solve this problem. 

   Problem 3 (Data Analysis): This problem gave me the least amount the issues because it was just a matter of using the given formulas provided with the answers from bead_tracker.py. 

3. Did you receive help from anyone? List their names, status (classmate, 
   CS110 grad, TA, other), and the nature of help received.

   Name               Status       Help Received
   ----               ------       -------------

   During this project I did not receive any help from any other parties except the CS110 instructor professor Iyer, and that was for furthor clarification of what the project required.

4. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how
   much you learned from doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed
   doing it.

This project was very challenging at first when I did not understand it but after I got the full clarification of what was needed in the project everything started to flow. I learned that without fully understanding what the requirement of a project is then it can be completed successfully. I love challenges because the more I get through them, is the more my level of programming is increasing so this was my favorite project of CS110.    
